README.md, before:

# DiagrammaticEquations.jl

[![Stable Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://AlgebraicJulia.github.io/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/stable)
[![Development Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://AlgebraicJulia.github.io/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/dev)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl)
[![CI/CD](https://github.com/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/actions/workflows/julia_ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/actions/workflows/julia_ci.yml)

`DiagrammaticEquations.jl` is a Julia library implementing category theory to reason formally about diagrammatic representations of systems of algebraic and differential equations. 

Currently DiagrammaticEquations.jl contains two submodules, `Deca` and `Learn` for supporting `Decapodes.jl` and `AlgebraicLearning.jl` functionality. 

## Relevant Work
* Patterson, E., Baas, A., Hosgood, T., & Fairbanks, J. (2022). A diagrammatic view of differential equations in physics. arXiv preprint arXiv:2204.01843.

Commit message:

Remove Learn submodule from README

README.md, after:

# DiagrammaticEquations.jl

[![Stable Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://AlgebraicJulia.github.io/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/stable)
[![Development Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://AlgebraicJulia.github.io/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/dev)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl)
[![CI/CD](https://github.com/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/actions/workflows/julia_ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AlgebraicJulia/DiagrammaticEquations.jl/actions/workflows/julia_ci.yml)

`DiagrammaticEquations.jl` is a Julia library which uses category theory to represent and manipulate systems of equations. The `Deca` submodule supports Discrete Exterior Calculus systems of equations for [`Decapodes.jl`](https://github.com/AlgebraicJulia/Decapodes.jl).

## Relevant Work
* Patterson, E., Baas, A., Hosgood, T., & Fairbanks, J. (2022). A diagrammatic view of differential equations in physics. arXiv preprint arXiv:2204.01843.
